# FYP Meeting 23/8/24
### Lui (not) joining through zoom, Steve not here
### Leading, Chloe minutes

Opening katakia

None of us have done much due to assignments.

Josh (b) may give devkit to Chloe so she can do some more development.

Conor done not much - put all different code files together, builds and seems to run. Stop Mode 1 instead of delay. Haven't worked out configurable uart and spi (use same pins), need to disable one and enable other. Can steal some i2c sensors from people doing robocup. Just need to test on connecting to board and cleaning up code.

Josh (r) - simtek stuff, hal drivers to work with SPI, just in process of checking buffers to 

Logan - researching power supply design, making sure won't mess with rf components. Working out how to make best power design possible. Power module one half, comms other half. Don't need for testing, more for next group than necessary for final product. Buck converter for lead acid. ICs for solar.

Josh (b) given Conor other nordic devkit, components ordered, will be able to get another (half of a) Lora board to program sx chip and send comms between. Need a couple parts from UC part store once they restock.

Take weekend off for a bit of rest. Will all be able to come in to work on integration over the break.

Monday afternoon? Philipa will be around if needed, just marking stuff all next week.

Meeting with Lui first week. No meeting second week.

Third week back final inspection.

Have basic demo ready by end of break. Second week back mock inspection.

Finished there.