# FYP Meeting Minutes 14/8/24
### Josh (black hair) not here 
### Logan Leading, Chloe minutes

messing around with excel/gantt chart

Opening karakia

Logan been working on other courses so haven't done much work on FYP.

Josh (black hair) nearly finished making comms board - just missing a few parts, need to order this week.

Digikey/Jaycar may have what we need, ask Scott he may have them.

Conor - busy with 464, trying to setup zephyr/platformio to program devkit, should have something ready next week. Ask philip hoff he knows platformio.

Chloe - also busy with 464, just been working on programming comms/esp32.

Josh - trying to get sx1062 to connect with conor's board. IoT connecting to server.

This friday do a couple hours work together.

Philipa - wondering about plan given how busy we are with rest of term, 

Lines up to 26 done in Gantt Chart. Need to do comms shield software and integrate comms and main shield.

Need to get things working for testing during break.

Can do development at uni but may not be able to send stuff.

Josh - spi working on comms board with esp32

Logan - Make sure Josh assembles new board - can do rest of power supply design over break

Try connecting comms and main shield using spi or uart on Friday (hopefully)

Documentation targetted at Steve - need to make sure someone has long term ownership - handover to Barry

Final inspection week 28/29 (3 weeks after break), Steve contemplating bringing iwi down from Rotorua to show what we've done. Let Steve know dates by halfway through break. Would do before final inspection to get some feedback. Talk about end users in reports, what would they want next year? Probably week 27 or early 28.

Lui not here wks 25 and 26 - Phillipa will take charge.

Meet week 24 (first week of break) then 25 if Phillipa wants to (she's free then). Remove from calendars if not going to do it.

Week 26 should be able to demo, LEDs flashing, text on a screen, etc.

Closing karakia